Remove nrfutil from requirements.txt (#982)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/shell/shell_bt_nus.rst

It connects to the specified device and forwards all NUS traffic to the network port.
You can then use a terminal application, for example PuTTY, to connect to that port (the default port is 8889) and use the shell.

> Script requires additional Python2 packages to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script requires additional Python packages to be installed.
Currently, these packages are available for Python 2.x only.
```
